The continent's LGBTQI+ communities continue to face attacks on their basic human rights and their ability to access services such as healthcare by governments and religious groups. Zambia's government has said it will not tolerate the promotion of LGBTQI+ rights, saying such rights are against the country's Christian values. The warning came a day after police arrested four activists from a feminist group for allegedly giving false information about a planned protest. In Kenya, Catholic-allied MPs have vowed to mobilise to disband the NGO Board to preempt the imminent registration of a gay rights lobby group. This come after a Supreme Court judgment that LGBTQI+ community members have a right to association - even though the law considers same-sex marriage illegal - was met with opposition from clergy and legislators. While in Uganda, a new bill introduced to Parliament seeking to criminalise same-sex conduct and sexual and gender identity, if adopted, would violate multiple fundamental rights, according to Human Rights Watch. In Southern Africa Anglican bishops, had agreed at a meeting to prepare formal prayers suitable for providing pastoral care to couples in same-sex civil unions. But why does homosexuality incite such vehemence, asks Olivia Nalubwama in The Independent. "Across the political spectrum, people who usually cannot see past their political colours, suddenly unite in sublime fervour against homosexuality." "The politician frothing at the mouth about the threat of homosexuality in our schools deftly glides over the rampant sexual abuse of children in school and at home while sexually harassing the young women in his office for 'some'." "Our convenient stand against homosexuality is a most inconvenient dilemma. But, it allows us a modicum of dignity; we can pretend that we are fighting for Uganda and future generations. Fighting homosexuality is much easier than fighting endemic corruption, electoral fraud, a flailing economy, and human rights abuses.